Avoid triggering notifications if only the metadata changes prelanding (#4310)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/admin/database_model.md

-   **covered**: a boolean field that specifies if all `attrs` have to be included in notifications (if value is true)
    or only the ones existing in the triggering entity (if value is false or field is omitted).
    More information in [covered subscription section in Orion API specification](../orion-api.md#covered-subscriptions).

> -   **notifyOnMetadataChange**: a boolean variable that defines to trigger notifications only for metadata changes (if the value is true) or If only the metadata changes, avoid trigger notifications (if the value is false).

Author: ```suggestion
-   **notifyOnMetadataChange**: if `true` metadata is considered part of the value of the attribute regarding subscription triggering. If `false` metadata is not considered part of the value of the attribute regarding subscription triggering. Default value (if omitted) is `true`.
```

Author: Fixed in [3ba1ead](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4310/commits/3ba1ead3128937e80932ee1f3210bacc23f3d475)

> -   **notifyOnMetadataChange**: if `true` metadata is considered part of the value of the attribute regarding subscription triggering. If `false` metadata is not considered part of the value of the attribute regarding subscription triggering. Default behaviour (if omitted) is the one for `true`.

Reviewer: Should this new field be added to API.md?

Author: It is, in this separate PR https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4308

Reviewer: Ok, NTC
